Week 1

Group formed in laboratory. Introduced ourselves and our background.
Everyone else in the group has more experience in web development than me having taken COMP3311 and COMP6080.
I felt like I was able to get the group motivated and to connect so I nominated myself to be scrum master.

We allocated the following positions:
- lead front-end developer: George
- lead back-end developer: Elijah
- full-stack developer: Owen
- full-stack developer: Jeff

We met again on the weekend to brainstorm, further discuss roles and objectives.
Owen and I came up with the idea of recipe books with similar functionality to a Spotify playlist.
George did a lot of work for the team, he started a brief write up for the proposal background,
wrote up a guide for installing Lubuntu in Virtual Box, and looked over what packages we think we'd need to install.
Together we wrote up draft user stories for our basic objectives. We left our novel features incomplete.




Week 2

Online laboratory this week because of public holiday. Meeting over Zoom to clarify questions around proposal.
Meeting was short and we got feedback on our user stories. Received clarification that we had misunderstood what
was required for novel features. Also were reminded we needed acceptance criteria and a story board for our proposal.

We met again on the weekend to discuss our progress on the proposal. I presented the idea of the shopping cart and 
Jeff presented the idea of the chat box. We decided to go ahead with those as our novel features.

I started helping with the story board on Figma which George had started, and provided some feedback but did not make many new scenes due to
unfamiliarity with the app.

I began further researching existing systems.



Week 3

Group meeting early in the week to work together and finalise the user stories for our objectives. After looking over the marking criteria
for later assessments I recommended we try go with PostgreSQL for our database.

Group meeting in laboratory. Presented what we have done to our demonstrator. Received clarification to add acceptance criteria as child issues
on Jira. Decided that George and Elijah would split the responsibility of writing the acceptance criteria for our standard objectives, and Owen 
would do the Recipe Book, Jeff would do the Chat Box, and I would do the acceptance criteria for the shopping cart.

Group standup on Saturday morning. Clarified each of our resposibilities for what remained in the proposal. We each presented our user stories and acceptance
criteria we had develioped and finalised it before moving onto finalising the story board.

We split, with some working on the story board and me writing up the Background and explaination of novel features for the proposal document.
Together we identified minor amendments to make as we progressed over the weekend.



Week 4

Submitted the proposal.
