Week 1

Formed group 'code chefs' and elected to work on project 1. Introduced myself and my experience to others as primarily
back-end focused but having worked on front-end and databases before. Lachlan and Owen set up most of our online
communication and we designated responsibilities. I was assigned back-end lead in a team with Owen and Jeffrey, while
George was assigned the lead of front-end supported by Lachlan.

We organised a stand-up on the weekends, where we worked on user stories. Prior to this, I had added some stories
focused more on the social media dynamic of our product, and had left comments on the stories of my group members. We
identified our 6 main product objectives based on the stories we had created and brainstormed some novelties.

Week 2

Unfortunately could not make the online lab due to commitments made on the public holiday, but the feedback was relayed
to me later that week. Reviewed some of the novelties including ones I had come up with, and in accordance to feedback
decided to scrap them due to them not being novel enough or too small of a feature. We ended up keeping the recipe books
idea that Lachlan and Owen had brainstormed last week.

I did some research into SQLite on my own accord due to suggestions from George that it may be more suitable to our
product, and agreed with him.

Week 3

Held a stand-up the day before our lab and attempted to review our user stories and remove unnecessary ones. We also
began assigning them to sprints. This however took longer than expected, and I suggested we do the rest during the lab
the next day. Additionally, we also decided on settling on 2 more novelties: Lachlan's shopping cart system and
Jeffrey's messaging system.

The next day during the lab we reviewed the rest of the user stories and assigned them to relevant sprints. As we had
not written user stories for the novelty objectives yet, Lachlan, Owen and Jeffrey took ownership of their ideas (the
shopping cart system, the recipe books and the messaging system respectively) and came up with some user stories.
George and I split up the user stories we had written and came up with some acceptance criteria. I specifically worked
on acceptance criteria for stories under Search, Feed and Reviews. There were a lot of potential assumptions I could
have made but chose to bring up with the group.

In our final stand-up on Saturday this week, we all reviewed each other's works, though experienced disruptions due to
inefficient meetings in general. I reviewed and gave comments on everyone's novelty user stories, and reviewed George's
stories. Afterwards I began to present my acceptance criteria, though due to these disruptions George was the only one
available to review them and thus I deemed it inefficient to do so when I had listed potential assumptions that should
be decided on as a group. We ended up designating responsibilities for the proposal instead, which took priority due to
being due soon.

I gave myself the role of fixing and screenshotting user stories, but felt I had taken too light of a workload. I
instead changed my responsibilities into clearly defining our product objectives (which had just been summarised as a
single keyword at the time) in a way that was able to encompass all user stories we had written. I then linked every
user story to these product objectives to ensure our proposal 'Clearly communicates how all project objectives are
satisfied by user stories that are defined', as per the criteria.

Finally, writing our acceptance criteria had shown that we could potentially be dealing with big data due to our
product's presence as a social media platform, and Lachlan raised concerns about the SQLite's potential inefficiency.
While I noted that it was unlikely that we were expected to envision our product at this large of a scale, I decided to
back Lachlan's idea of using PostgreSQL for our proposal and suggested we discuss this further with our tutor.

